Revert change to render fallback when prerendering is disabled (#4604)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-static/README.md

When operating in SPA mode, you can omit `config.kit.prerender.default` (or set it to `false`, its default value), and only pages that have the [`prerender`](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/page-options#prerender) option set will be prerendered at build time.

> If Node.js throws errors when loading your pages during the build process and this is hard for you to work around, setting `config.kit.prerender.entries` to `[]` will prevent the build process from attempting to load any page or layout components. Do not set `config.kit.prerender.enabled` to `false` because that will also prevent the fallback page from being generated.

Reviewer: Interesting, I just converted a project to SvelteKit yesterday, using the SPA mode, and I did not have this problem. Setting `prerender.enabled` to `false` worked for me, the final build folder contained the specified `index.html`

Reviewer 2: As of this PR, the fallback `index.html` wouldn't be generated if `prerender.enabled` is set to `false`

Author: @dummdidumm Here's the timeline of events :)

- Before version 292, the fallback page would be created even if prerendering was disabled.
- 292 moved the prerender into the build process and as a side effect caused the fallback page to not be generated when `prerender.enabled: false`.
- I submitted a PR to change this which was merged into 304, but it caused problems for people who were doing things like instantiating database clients in the global scope from `hooks.js`, hence this PR.
- While investigating solutions, I discovered that setting `prerender.entries: []` would work for cases where Node.js will complain if it even tries to `import` the page/layout components.
- And so this PR, which reverts back to the 292 behavior while documenting what to do it that causes issues.

Reviewer: ah yeah my bad, obviously this worked for me because the change wasnt reverted at that time, thanks for the clarification 😄

> If Node.js throws errors when loading your pages during the build process and this is hard for you to work around, setting `config.kit.prerender.entries` to `[]` will prevent the build process from attempting to load any page or layout components. Do not set `config.kit.prerender.enabled` to `false` because that will also prevent the fallback page from being generated.

Reviewer 2: I think we should try to explain _why_ this is happening:

```suggestion
SvelteKit will still crawl your app's entry points looking for prerenderable pages. If `svelte-kit build` fails because of pages that can't be loaded outside the browser, you can set `config.kit.prerender.entries` to `[]` to prevent this from happening. (Setting `config.kit.prerender.enabled` also has this effect, but would prevent the fallback page from being generated.)
```

Author: Thanks for the editing! Yes this reads much better.
